## Radio Observations of Herschel Galaxies

In Chapter 5, we made use of the correlation between far-IR and radio emission of star forming galaxies to identify 3 GHz counterparts to Herschel sources in COSMOS. With the high angular resolution of our radio IDs, we unambiguously identified multiwavelength counterparts spanning the UV to IR spectrum, from which we studied the evolutionary state of Herschel galaxies.

- We identified secure radio associations for 1, 053 sources with 250 µm flux densities > 30 mJy. Approximately 15% of these sources had more than one identification. When multiple components were ordered by their radio flux contribution, the brightest counterpart contributed ∼ 70% of the integrated radio flux on average, suggesting that the dust emission may emanate from more than one dusty galaxy that are blended together within the Herschel beam. These multiple associations often have photometric redshifts in good agreement with each other, suggesting that these real sources may be part of a group or cluster of galaxies. Moreover, at the average redshift of our sample, the separation between radio IDs is between 10 and 100 kpc, which further advocates for clusters of galaxies, confused within a single Herschel beam.

- The IR spectrum of each galaxy was used to estimate their star formation rates, and the UV-IR coverage from the COSMOS2020 catalogue to estimate their stellar masses. In the SFR-stellar mass plane we observed that our Herschel galaxies lie significantly above the star formation main sequence, in a starbursting phase with high stellar masses. The time it would take for these galaxies to form their stellar mass is on average 10% of the age of the Universe at which we observe them, suggesting that they have very short starburst lifetimes. The fact that they produce a vast quantity of their stellar mass during a bursting phase suggests they may subsequently evolve rapidly to being passive galaxies with stars of similar ages - an indication that they may be the progenitors of the massive ellipticals observed locally.

- We presented a proof-of-concept study for a new method that uses all the properties of the possible counterparts, from the UV to IR photometry, not just the flux density in a single band as is implemented in the LR method, to estimate the probability of association with the far-IR source. We conclude that a Machine Learning algorithm that uses all available bands, as well as the radial offset from the source, would have greater success at correctly identifying our counterparts than current methods.